[rhythmic, percussiveinhalations and exhalations]
[haunting solo female voicesings single note]
[waves lapping]
[exhalations and inhalations slow]
[haunting solo female voice continues]
[woman] Mia?
Mia! Mia, come back!
[ominous chords play]
Mia?
Mia, come back!
Come back!
[rhythmic, insistent chords play]
[ragged breathing]
Mummy!
[Mia yelps]
[dramatic strings come in]
[rhythmic chords fade]
[strings soften]
[distant crackling and rumbling]
[music fades]
[synthetic female voice] Atmosphericdome disturbances within normal range.
[wind whistling]
This morning, you swam 1,409 metresat a stroke rate of--
What's wrong with your voice?
-[synthetic voice] Aaryan changed it.-[Mia laughs] Um...
-Do you like it?-I can live with it.
[synthetic voice]Suggested Senoxidine dosage: one tab.
[machine turns on]
[machine stops running]
[electronic beep]
Atmospheric pressurewithin the dome: one ATM.
Radioactivity levels: within safe range.
[Mia sighs]
[door whooshes open]
[low thrumming]
[she sighs]
[thrumming stops]
[man] Reduce coefficient 2.04 to 2.019.
[soft whooshing]
[cat purrs]
[echoing gently]Why is your texture so fuzzy?
[Mia echoing] Why doesSjøhus sound like your mother?
Are you serious? I'm changing it back.
-I'm teasing. I like it.-[cat purrs]
Why don't we have something nice tonight?
I cultivated a new algae.Maybe you can use it?
Sounds good.
[wind rushing]
[ominous choral singing]
[water trickles]
Sjøhus, how's pressure in feed pipe four?
[Sjøhus] Lower than usual.Shall I run diagnostics?
No, that's all right.
[choral singing continues]
[Sjøhus] Pressure back to usual levels.
Hello.
[electronic beeping]
You're not feeling too good?
[door locks]
[singing fades]
I don't thinkI'm gonna get much sleep tonight.
Me either.
You want to go to bed anyway?
Hm.
[Mia chuckles softly]
-[man moans softly]-Is that too much?
No, that's great.
-Mm.-Yeah. It's really so much better.
[man] Mm-hm.
What if we're not good enough?
If we're not, who is?
It just makes me nervous.It's all so secretive.
We'll be fine.
-Hey.-Hm.
I love you.
That's right.
[Mia moans softly]
[exhales]
[waves lapping]
Mia!
[Mia breathes raggedly]
[choral singing]
[crackling and rumbling]
[singing continues]
[electronic chirping]
[door whooshes open]
[door shuts]
[singing intensifies]
[low thrumming]
[singing ends]
-[electronic chime]-[Sjøhus] It's 6:00 a.m.
Yeah.
-[electronic chime]-[Sjøhus] Your visitor has arrived.
-Are you ready? Okay.-[footsteps approach]
[Mia breathes shakily]
I'm Virginia.
Your Assessor.
[electronic chime]
Your supporting material,
as previously reported,
places you in the top0.1 percentile of citizens.
I'm therefore happy to confirm
that under Article 96,
you qualify for in-person Assessment.
-Over the next seven days---Can I just ask someth--
-[Virginia] There's a lot to get through.-Sorry, I just--
[Virginia] Over the next seven days,
you'll undergo close observationand formal testing
to ascertain suitability for parenting.
In the event of a pass,
your material will be passed onfor ex-utero gestation.
All other methods of reproductionstill remain forbidden.
In the event of a fail,
candidates will be notified immediately.
Candidates have the right to withdrawfrom Assessment
at any point up to and includingthe in-person questionnaire.
After which they waive any and all rightto future applications.
Assessor's decision is final.
Clear?
-Yes.-Absolutely.
Finally, you are reminded:
Everything that takes place
over the next seven daysis highly confidential.
And what are we being assessed on exactly?
It's just a little... opaque.
-Opaque?-[Mia] Not opaque...
I just mean,
not clear.
-That is what opaque means.-What Mia's trying to say is--
We couldn't find any specific criteria,that's what I'm trying to say.
The less you know in advance, the better.
[Virginia]I want to get to know the real you.
-Is that a good idea?-[Virginia] Yes.
I was joking.
Hm. [she giggles]
Good.
Humour is important.
I'm sure that everyone says this,
but I...
We would be really great parents.
Everyone does say that.
So, who's first?
On a scale of one to ten,
how would you rate your current levelsof satisfaction with the relationship?
Nine, at least.
Describe Mia with three words.
Funny. Smart.
Sharp. She can bea little sharp, but I like that.
Keeps me on my toes.
We were in a laband he was absorbed in some code.
And I don't know whyI took this moment to tell him,
but I said "I love you,"it just popped out and he said,
"That's right." [laughing]
How often do you have sex?
Once or twice a week.
How are we defining sex?
[Virginia] Oral, manual, anal or full.
[low thrum]
Do you achieve regular climax?
Yes.
[Virginia] Every time?
Would you like some water?
Is that part of the test?
No, just water.
I'm fine. Thank you.
Tell me about your mother.
She expected a lot from me, but...
it was good.
She was sent to the Old Worldwhen my sister and I were little.
So I only have a few memories.
-She was a dissident?-Yes.
Do you have any differenceswith the State?
No. Does it not say this in my file?
[Virginia] Why do you want a child?
We know how lucky we are. We feel...
We feel fulfilled...
...professionally and personallyand we want to share that.
Every child deservesthe best possible start.
That sounds a little prepared.
[Aaryan laughs softly]
It's our duty to help nurturethe future of this society.
It's a big thing, so, yes, we're prepared.
[Mia] I want to give a childwhat I never had.
[soft choral singing]
And what was that?
A sense of belonging.
You don't feel you belong?
Now, yeah. No, I meant as a child.
[choral singing continues]
Everything's as per the instructions.
We thought that we could use this...Not that we're presuming, but we...
[wind whistles]
[Virginia sighs]
[mattress rustles]
Do you hear that?
-Loose springs.-But there's no springs in that mattress.
Do you have somewhere else?
Yes, but there's actually no springs--
You take our room. We'll sleep in here.
-[Virginia] Don't go to any trouble.-It's no trouble.
Yeah, yeah.
It's no trouble at all.
Better.
[low thrumming]
[thrumming stops]
[low hum]
[soft whooshing]
-[Mia] I call it Aaryan's thinking cave.-[Aaryan] Sjøhus, open Cooper slate.
I'm working on the cat's texture.
This is all virtually generated.
[gently echoing] So, um, this iswhere you designed the virtual pets?
Not the prototypes,they were back at the university,
but, yes, the second generation.
It's funny, I was in this seat right herewhen it struck me--
[Virginia] And what about you?
Do you have a work space?
Yes. Sure.
[gentle chuckle]
[female voice vocalising]
[percussion]
[wind whistles]
The airflow system allowsdifferent micro-climates to coexist,
that's what allows for the variety.
[water trickles and drips]
It's very, um...
colourful.
Colourful?
This is a template for sustainablefood production everywhere.
-It's a laboratory.-Colourful's right.
Nature wants to be noticed,but she's deceptive.
Underneath her beautiful façade,she provides energy and shelter.
And this greenhouse alone
contains over 1,000 different speciesof plants and algae able to--
What's this one?
Oh... paphiopedilum.
It's also known as the Venus Orchid.
It's the oldest of its kind.Some live to be 100.
My mother gave it to me.It's the only thing I have of hers.
Your mother?
Sorry, can you be careful?
-[Virginia scoffs]-Sorry, she's sensitive.
I'll need full access to all areas.
But you don't mean...
Full access.
It's already done. I programmed Sjøhusto recognise your voice. Sjøhus?
[Sjøhus] Welcome, Virginia.
I'll also need samples of urine, saliva,blood, hair, vaginal mucus and semen.
[percussion]
I thought we already gave these.
[rhythmic slapping sound]
[Aaryan grunts softly]
[sighs]
[Virginia] You'd be surprisedhow many people cheat.
[clears her throat]
It'll do.
[percussion ends]
Mia synthesises all the nutrients herself.
We can produce crops all year roundwithout depleting the soil.
May I? A little wine?
She's found a way of harnessingthe soil microbials into energy
that powers all our work.
[chewing]
How did you get your scar?
The pet cull hadn't happened long beforeand some people thought
I was somehow responsible, so...
some activists decided to intervene.
Which is insane because Aaryan developedvirtual pets as a solution to the cull,
he wasn't responsible for it.
The pet cull was part
of the disease preventionand resource conservation programme.
The problem was the State underestimated
the psychological importanceof companionship
when they exterminated all the pets.
Especially during a timeof upheaval, so...
I was taskedwith creating an alternative. I did.
Just not everybody saw it that way.
These people firebombedthe university research lab that...
Aaryan was working in.
I-I jumped out of a third floor window.
Broke my shoulder,my collar bone, three vertebrae...
And these burn scars.
That must've been terrifying.
[Mia] He's still traumatised by fire.
What happened to the people responsible?
-They were sent to the Old World.-Yeah, they got what they deserved.
Your mother was sent to the Old World.
Did she get what she deserved?
[wind continues whistling]
[whispers] All that stuff about my mother.
She's just pushing buttons, okay?It's obviously how it works.
We just need to stay cool, not react.
She likes you.
[chuckles] You jealous?
Yeah, embarrassingly so. I am.
Maybe I can make you not jealous.
Light, Sjøhus.
[Aaryan moans softly]
[chuckles] Being in this single bedmakes me feel like a teenager again.
Pervert.
[chuckles softly]
Get on your back.
Ow! You just kneed me in the balls.
I'm sorry, do you want to complainor do you want your cock in my mouth?
What was the first option?
[laughs] Yeah.
-You gonna fold those?-[chuckles]
Don't make me laugh.I'm being very, very serious right now.
Okay.
[moans softly]
Oh... Oh, fuck!
Virginia! Virginia!
[Mia] Oh, my God.
[Mia pants]
I need to assessall aspects of your relationship.
It's fine.
Seriously?
[Virginia] Just imagine I'm not here.
[soft vocalising]
[Mia whispers] What? No.
[choral vocalising]
-Aaryan?-Yeah?
I... Fuck.
[vocalising distorts]
[Aaryan moans]
[discordant vocalising]
[Aaryan pants]
[Aaryan groans softly]
[electronic chime]
Oh, hey.
Um, these all came.Do you know what they are?
You sleep okay?
[crunching]
[percussion]
[percussion speeds up]
[percussion ends]
[Virginia sighs]
You gonna eat?
[Virginia laughs]
[Mia and Aaryan] Mm.
Why don't you try? Yeah? You wanna try?
Yeah, that's, that's...That's really good.
It's really yummy.
Whoa, what the f...?
-You shouted at me.-[Mia] I did not. I did not--
-You did, you shouted.-It was not. No, I...
-I raised my voice.-Did.
-[Mia] I did not. I raised my voice.-Did.
[Mia] It's just not the same thing.
-Did.-[Mia] No, I didn't.
-Did!-It was a little loud.
-Did!-Ha! No, it was not!
-Did. Did. Did.-[Mia] Okay, Virginia.
-Did.-[Mia] That's very cute, very charming.
-Did.-[Mia] Okay.
-[kicking table] Did. Did. Did.-Virginia.
Virginia, could you stop?
-Virginia, please stop.-Did.
-[Mia] Virginia.-Did.
-[Mia] Virginia.-Yeah.
-[Mia] Virginia!-Did! Did! Did!
Virginia!
[wind continues whistling]
Okay, that was... that was a shout, yeah?
Why don't we start again, hm?
[kicking table]
[Aaryan] Hey! Why don't we try a game?
It's a train.
Oh, it's a bullet train.
[imitates a train]
Oh, it's going really fast.
Oh, is it gonna crash?
Oh... Or it could go in the tunnel.
You don't want it to crash now. Come on.
Come on.
Pew! There it is!
All right.
Spoon.
Spoon?
You... Oh, you wanna feed yourself?Okay, all right.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mm. [chuckles]
All right.
[Virginia and Aaryan chuckle]
Sorry. It's kind of funny.
-Ooh...-[Virginia giggles]
-Ow, fuck.-Fuck.
-[Aaryan] Oh, my God.-Are you okay?
I got shit in my eye.
-Yeah.-Oh, that's not good.
-Shit.-Shit!
Oh, it hurts.
[groans] Fuck, I can't see.
-Fuck!-What?
-It's fine, I just can't see.-Shit!
-What do you mean you can't see?-Shit!
-[Mia] Aaryan? You okay?-Fuck!
-Aaryan?-Fuck. Shit. Shit. Fuck.
Fuck.
-[running water]-Is it better?
[Aaryan] Yeah, I can see now.It just hurts like hell.
Sorry.
[Virginia continues swearingin background]
Wanna get some drops?
-Yeah.-Sorry.
One. Okay, a second.
Yeah, okay.
-[he moans]-Let me get this out of your face.
[Virginia] Shit! Fuck!
Hey, can I see it? Lemme see.
Oh, my God.
-It's really red.-Ow.
Do you think this is normal?
I mean, it has to be, right?
Why don't we just... Let's set some rules.
Because children respondto boundaries, right?
-Yeah.-Yeah?
Okay.
We're gonna...
I'm gonna apologise.
-So just let me---Yeah.
-Can you let me...-Yeah, okay, okay.
Hey, Virginia, sweetie...
We...
[rhythmic, percussive gasping and panting]
You gotta be kidding me.
[Aaryan] She's having a little funwith us. We can... clear this up.
[Mia] It's everywhere.
Oh, my God.
[both] Virginia!
[rhythmic panting and gasping intensifies]
-[Aaryan] Okay.-Can you?
-[Aaryan] Okay.-[Mia] Virginia!
[Aaryan] Virginia! You're not serious.
-Virginia!-Virginia!
-[Aaryan] Oh, shit. No, no, no, no.-[Mia] This is crazy.
[rhythmic metallic clanking]
[rhythmic metallic clanking continues]
[speech drowned out]
[intense high-pitched tone]
[high-pitched tone fades]
[female voices vocalise gently]
[speech drowned out]
[high-pitched tone crescendos]
[metallic clanking]
-Stop!-[noises stop]
[panting heavily]
[breathing shakily]
[breathing heavily]
This is not a toy!
End of test.
[electronic chime]
Are you sure that we can'tget you any dessert or a drink?
Please, treat me normally.
-No airs or graces.-[Mia] Oh...
-[electronic chime]-[Sjøhus] A delivery has arrived.
[wind whistles]
-[Aaryan] Can you?-[Mia] Yeah.
-[Aaryan] It's really heavy.-[Mia] Okay.
[Aaryan strains]
-There.-Okay.
[low hum]
This could be your child's.
If you pass, of course.
You have until morning.
[Aaryan] Okay. There's eightdifferent types of those.
-Yeah.-Do we know which one's which, or just...?
[Mia] No, I don't know yet,but we will figure it out.
[Aaryan] Well, if we check the--
Does this say which orange piece
we're supposed to usefor the bottom with the greens?
The grey pieces are the piecesthat actually that link it.
-These connect... the orange.-They're the connectors.
No. The orange pieces, they just siton top. They're not doing any connecting.
-You use it to put the things... No!-[she mutters under breath]
-The grey bit connects the pipes.-[Mia] Okay. Okay!
-Put the grey.-[Aaryan] That's it.
-[Mia] Then you use them on top.-Put that on top.
You know the instructions
don't necessarily have to tell usthe right thing.
You don't necessarily think
the instructionshave to say the right thing?
Yes, that's what I said.
Okay.
[sighs] Okay, wait.
[Mia] Now, after this,I'm gonna need that wrench.
-Is it nearby?-[Aaryan] The wrench?
-[Mia] The little tool? Shit.-[Aaryan] Okay, it's over there.
-[Mia] Gimme a second. My finger. Shit.-[Aaryan] Okay, wait, wait...
-[Mia] Sorry. Got it.-[Aaryan] I'll loose the head.
-[Mia] Yeah, got it.-[Aaryan] Okay. Wait.
[Mia] Yeah. Oh, my God.
-[Aaryan] I can't...-[Mia] You are my saviour.
Okay. Okay...
But that's...
We've got that, so if you want that...
[electronic chime]
[wind whistles]
Mm-mm.
"Warning: For safety purposes,all parts must be used."
What are we gonna do with it?
[dramatic tone swells]
[percussion]
[percussion ends]
[pants]
[percussion resumes]
[unsettling percussion]
[percussion intensifies]
[percussion ends]
I like it. You've done well.
-Thank you. It was a team effort.-[Virginia] Would you get my bag?
I slept terribly.
Yeah.
[choral vocalising]
[sighs]
Sjøhus,
open Hawkeye slate.
[soft whooshing]
[vocalising continues]
[scoffs]
One over 9.172 constant.
[soft whooshing]
Rotate 0.3 to 0.41.
Maintain vert...
Hi.
[vocalising fades]
Are you "you" now or...
[Virginia laughs]
[gently echoing] It's always me.
Hm.
When I was younger,I had the stupidest looking cocker-poodle.
When it was time to hand over the petsfor the cull,
the idea of him dying in a roomwith some stranger was too much, so...
I got hold of some pentobarbitaland I did it myself.
I remember him looking at me
with his big, trusting eyes.
I cried for days.
A grown woman, can you believe it?
-Did you ever get a virtual pet?-[scoffs]
I know some people found it a comfort,
but I couldn't bearthe thought of not touching him.
I mean, they were thereto be held, not admired.
Go ahead.
What?
[Virginia chuckles softly]
[chuckling]
[low hum, soft whooshing]
[Aaryan chuckles softly]
[Virginia gasps]
[low hum, soft whooshing]
[laughing] How do you do that?
[Aaryan] Magic.
Science.
-He feels all funny.-It's the fur.
I can make it solid,but I can't get the texture right.
-Same with skin, it's even harder---I'm bored.
You wanna play a game?
[low thrumming]
[animals growl and snarl]
[birds twitter]
[insects chirp]
[low snarling]
[growling]
[snarling and growling continues]
[bird and animal calls]
[snarling intensifies]
[Virginia snarls]
[Mia] Sjøhus, lights!
[Virginia giggles]
[Aaryan chuckles]
[they both laugh]
We were playing tigers.
Sure.
-So is your back okay now?-Yeah, it's fine.
Okay.
[electronic chime]
[choral vocalising]
[wind whistles]
[vocalising intensifies]
[distant laughter]
[Virginia] Here. Here. Come on.
[shrieks joyfully]
-[Aaryan] Wait. You're so quick.-[Mia] Wait.
[Aaryan] Be careful now.
Oh, nice.
[Virginia] And... one, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
Hello?
Daddy?
-[Aaryan shouts]-[Virginia shrieks]
[both laugh]
-[Aaryan] Okay. Okay, yeah...-[Virginia] You go.
[Aaryan] All right. One,
two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
Virginia?
[sing-songy] Virginia?
Where are you?
Virginia?
[shouts]
[both laugh]
[Aaryan] I got you!
Where's Mummy?
I thought you were looking for me.
[Aaryan] I thought you were hiding.
-I was hiding.-[Aaryan] Okay.
Okay. Hey! Let's build a fort!
[Aaryan] All right, nice.
Here?
Daddy, can I make another one over there?
Sure.
It's "Daddy?"
Don't let her get to you.
Are we doing the right thing?
Of course.
What if I can't do this?
What if I'm not cut out for it?
You're not your mother.
What if I am, though?
She left you.
You would never do that.
Where's Virginia?
-[Aaryan] She can't have gone far.-Virginia?
Virginia!
[ominous choral vocalising]
[Aaryan] Virginia!
Virginia!
-What are those?-Where?
There!
Are those her shoes?
Oh, God!
Oh...
Check there!
Over there!
[Mia] Oh, my God. Oh, my God!
-[Virginia grunts]-Can you breathe?
Are you okay?
[Virginia coughs and splutters]
-I've got you.-Get off me.
Get off!
[Virginia coughs and pants]
No! No!
-Get off.-I got you.
-What were you doing?-I was being a starfish.
I thought you were dead.
[both pant]
I said I was being a starfish, you idiot.
[Mia] Oh, great.
So next timeI'll just let you drown then, huh?
[vocalising fades]
Nice.
Virginia, I didn't...
Virginia.
[Aaryan] You cannot behave like thisif you want a child.
I want a real child, Aaryan.
Not... this.
This is how we get a real child!
[percussion and vocalising]
[Virginia] Daddy?
Carry.
[Aaryan sighs]
[vocalising fades]
-[Aaryan] One, two, three.-[Virginia chuckles]
[Mia] You're indulging her.
All right. Off we go.
-[Aaryan] Oh.-[Virginia giggles]
[vocalising resumes]
[Sjøhus] Unexpected atmospheric pressurechange within the dome.
Imminent rainfall.
[rain patters]
[thunder rumbles]
[Virginia] Faster, Daddy. Come on, faster!
Why do you stop?
I can't. My back. I can't.
-Here. Get on my back.-Just give me a minute, okay?
-Come on, I'll carry you.-No, I don't want you. I want Daddy.
Well, I'm all you've got.
I want Daddy.
[vocalising and percussion fade]
[wind howls]
This is silly.
All that is happening right nowis you're getting cold and wet.
It doesn't mean you hate me any lessif you come inside,
but at least you'll be warm.
All right?
-Arms up. Arms up. Okay. Okay.-[Virginia shivers]
-Okay, okay. Almost there. Almost there...-[cries out]
There you go, come on.
[Mia] Mm.
[Virginia giggles]
[Virginia] Me. Me.
-It's okay. That's okay.-Not the eyes.
I won't get the eyes. I'll try.
There you go.
Let's take it all off.
[soft vocalising]
-[Virginia] Done!-Done? Okay. Done.
-[Virginia shivers]-I got you. Here you go.
My mother used to do this for me.
What was she like?
She was beautiful.
Fearless.
And infuriating.
I wanted to be her.
You have beautiful hair.
[vocalising fades]
[soft chuckle]
Can I wear some of your clothes?
-Yeah.-Yeah?
Sure. Yeah.
[door whooshes]
[electronic chime]
[Sjøhus] A delivery has arrived.
[Aaryan] Mia!
In here.
[Aaryan] It's a...
a dinner invite for tonight.
[Mia] Someplace nice, I hope.
Uh... It's here. We're the hosts.
[Mia] What are you talking about?
[female voice vocalising softly]
[whispered, rhythmic vocal sounds come in]
[percussion comes in]
[clanging]
[rhythmic vocal sounds intensify]
[low rumbling]
[electronic chime]
[Sjøhus] Your first guests have arrived.
-Hi.-Hi. Come on in.
[music fades]
Hello.
-[Mia] Hey.-Hi, Aaryan.
Hi. Hi. Mia, this is Serena.
Oh. Yeah, the Serena.
Hi. I've heard a lot of great things.I'm Mia.
-It's really nice to meet you.-Likewise.
-This is Holly and Amelia.-Holly, hi.
And Amelia.
It is...it's really such a pleasure to meet you.
Are we going in?
-[both laugh]-Sorry. Kids... Amelia!
I'm gonna go make sure everyone...
-Sure.-Okay.
[footsteps recede]
[Mia] Can I get you something to drink?
-We have wine, juice...-[Holly] Oh, thank you. Amelia...
How's Assessment going so far?
[indistinct chatter in background]
[sighs] It's a fucking nightmare.
[chuckles] We thought we werea disaster and then we got Amelia.
You'll be fine.
[indistinct chatter continues]
[Holly] Serena,you have to come see this.
-I should... Yeah.-Mm.
[Sjøhus] More guests have arrived.
Hi. I'm Aaryan.
-I'm Walter, and this is---Don't bother with all that.
We shan't meet again.
-[Amelia] They always staring?-[Serena] They've not seen a kid in ages.
-[Walter] Seen her?-[Walter's partner] Stealing our oxygen.
[Amelia] There's neveranyone to play with.
-[crash]-Oh, Jesus!
-Welcome!-[guests groan]
This is Virginia,
our Assessor.
-Mia. It's been too long.-[Walter's partner] Any chance of a drink?
[electronic chime]
-How do you two...?-I was Walter's lab assistant.
Makes sense.
-[Walter] Mia was a brilliant assistant.-[Walter's partner] High praise.
Regrettably, she abandoned mefor a more exciting scientist.
-[Holly] Don't stare, sweetie.-I wanted to pursue my own work.
I still bear the scarsfrom your departure.
[scoffs] Scratches, darling.All down your back, if I recall.
Can I get anyone anything?
-Is there alcohol in this?-Yes, a bit. Is that all right?
No.
I'm gonna need something stronger.
-So, about Walter...-It's okay. You don't have to explain.
When I was his student,
we had an affairthat I think Evie knows about.
I'm pretty sure she knows about it.
Well, it was completely inappropriateand he probably exploited me,
but, you know, he was actuallya pretty good professor.
[breathes shakily]
-Look at me, I'm shaking.-Mia...
These people are here to throw us off.
That's the game.
We just have to stay calm.
[inhales] Okay.
[Evie] Can't believeI have to endure this.
[Mia] So, Amelia, do you go to school?
-Amelia self-educates.-No schools in our district.
It's better, though.You get to follow your own interests.
-[Holly] Amelia's an artist.-[Mia] Oh!
Abstracts, mainly.
Well, I would love to seeyour work sometime.
Do you show your art at any exhibitions?
[Amelia] Not really. But I want to.
-[Aaryan] Virginia?-[Mia] Virginia.
-[Aaryan] Virginia, could you...-It's okay.
-[Amelia] Is she okay?-[Virginia chokes]
-[Serena] I'm sure she's fine.-[Evie] Oh, my God.
-[Mia] Okay, sweetie.-[Amelia] She doesn't look fine.
[electronic chime]
[Sjøhus] Aaryan, your mother has arrived.
[Aaryan sighs deeply]
Don't start.First thing I knew about this...
-What the hell is that?-Mom.
No, you stop calling me that.
You're not a child anymore.
It's Ambika, not Mom.
I was having a perfectly nice timein the gym when I got the call.
But as we all know,
an invitation from the Stateisn't really an invitation at all.
Can you just promise me one thing?
Don't say anything stupid or embarrassing?
You're so like your father.
-Oh, Ambika, hi! How was your trip?-Hi!
Nice to see you too, Mom.
-[Mia] How's work, Ambika?-I'm not allowed to say.
[Walter] Why? Is it very secret?
[Ambika] Ah, no.
Aaryan just asked me not to talkin case I embarrass him.
-[Aaryan] I was joking.-[Serena] I'm sure he was just teasing.
-Virginia...-Stop it!
I designed the modular estates.
Virginia!
-Oh, I hear they're fantastic.-[Virginia screams]
How old is she supposed to be?
-Okay, I'm gonna clear plates.-[Mia] I'll help.
Thank you.
[Evie] Are we pretending this is okay?
Assessment is everybody's right,whether we agree with it or not.
-It's an indulgence.-How?
'Cause we don't have the resources.
[Serena] That's for the State to decide,not you.
They reengineered Senoxidineto prevent reproduction,
as well as aging and disease.
-What about you, Holly?-[Amelia] She's sliding under the table.
-What keeps you occupied?-Holly monitors border activity.
-[Walter] That's fascinating.-[Mia] What is?
[Serena] Holly works by the border.
Honestly, I'm nowhere near,I just see the reports.
What's to report?I thought they were just dying.
Well, there are indications thatlimited tracts of land may be survivable.
-Are you serious?-How long are they surviving?
-[Holly] The data's limited.-[Ambika] How long do people think?
-Years.-[Holly] We don't know for sure.
So they're reproducing?
-Once the Senoxidine wears off, in theory.-[Virginia squeals]
-We're trying to find that out.-[Mia] Aaryan.
How would they have babieswithout Assessment?
-From their own wombs.-[Evie] Going back to the Dark Ages.
-[Amelia] It's not forbidden?-[Mia] Virginia, I'm asking nicely...
-Think of the pain.-Yeah.
They must livesuch short and unhappy lives.
[Holly] I'm really not supposedto talk about any of this.
We should be reducing the population,not increasing it.
I'm not sure this is the occasionto talk about population control.
This is the exact occasionto talk about population control!
-[Mia] Okay, Virginia...-[Virginia cries out]
-[Walter] Oh, shit.-[Evie] Control that brat.
[Ambika] It was not like this in my day.
[Aaryan] Sorry about this.
[Mia whispers] It's okay.It's okay, I'm not mad.
I'd like to propose a toast.
[Ambika] A toast!
To Mia.
And Aaryan. The future.
-Oh, my God!-[all] The future!
Second time lucky, then?
Sorry, what do you mean second time?
Well, you must know thatAaryan and Serena applied?
-[Mia] Oh...-Obviously, it didn't work out.
[Walter chuckles softly]I guess things just got interesting.
-[Evie] She didn't know that?-No, I didn't know that.
We didn't get far at all. I pulled outbefore the end of the questionnaire.
So Aaryan wanted to continue?
It didn't mean anything. I don't mean...
It's fine. He's right. It didn'tmean anything. It was a mistake.
-I'm gonna make some space.-[Aaryan] Mia, this...
Oh, wow. Yeah, the future!
-[Amelia] The future!-[Evie] Hooray.
-[Serena] Ah, Jesus.-[Evie] Well done, Ambika.
[Walter chuckles]
[indistinct chatter]
[footsteps approach]
I didn't want to upset you.
Can we talk about this later?
Mia?
[Holly] If you're concernedabout resources, stop taking Senoxidine.
[Serena] I think that's a good idea.
[Walter] Yeah, what a great idea.Let's grow old and die.
Why not throw ourselves into the abyss?
-But maybe let's finish dessert first.-Hands up:
Who wants to dieto make room for the new people?
-Yeah.-Oh, come on.
-What about madam over there?-[Amelia] Me?
Why not? Last one in, first out.
-[Amelia gasps]-God, you're a witch!
You'll find witches are in the Old Worldwith the other enemies of progress.
Enough! Mia's motherwas sent to the Old World.
Oh, I know.I know exactly what happened to her.
She was exiled for spreadinglies and misinformation.
-She deserved exactly what she had coming.-Hey!
-Don't talk to her like that.-Oh, spare me your outrage.
You're all too youngto remember the border, aren't you?
[Amelia] You were alive before the border?
How old are you?
I'm 153.
-What was it like?-You don't want to know.
You really do not want to know.
-I do.-[Aaryan] Virginia, sit down, please.
-[Evie] Oh, God, what now?-[Virginia] I wanna know.
-[Holly] It's okay. Stay there, Amelia.-[Evie] Oh, well...
-Virginia!- I can tell you from...
-Oh, God. Ow.-[Holly] Don't worry, it's fine.
[Evie] You comfortable? Right.
[Virginia] Hm.
In the beginning,
all anyone could talk about
was how nice it wasto finally have decent summers.
And then the summers never stopped.
Unbearable heat,
endless storms...
No crops, no shelter. Nothing habitable.
[melancholic music]
Famine. Disease.
Countless species extinct.
Did you knowwe tore each other apart over scraps?
We'd finally done it:
destroyed ourselves.
All for greed and indifference.
And then one day,those of us who were left,
we found a solution:
a New World.
We had to be smarter than we were before,because there wasn't room for everyone.
Choices had to be made.
It wasn't kind or nice,
but it was necessary for survival.
You think because we're ableto drink wine and...
grow crops in greenhouses,
and breed brats in bags,
you've somehow conquered nature.
You're wrong.
It's borrowed.
And anything you take from nature,
sooner or later, she'll want it back.
So, forgive me if I don't smile politely
and go alongwith this whole fucking charade,
while you risk everything we have
just to scratchsome vain and vestigial itch.
Fucking hubris will be the death of us.
All of us.
I want no part of that.
There we are. That's the story.
Was it fun?
[liquid trickles]
[Virginia chuckles softly]
-Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Get off.-[Ambika] What happened?
-Get off me!-[Mia] Hey...
[Evie] She pissed all over me,the fucking little bitch!
-Oh, my God.-[Ambika] Here. Take this.
[Holly] I'm sure you all feel just awful.
[Serena] Can I get something to clean up?
-[Evie] We know it runs in the family.-[Walter] Evie, please.
-What does?-[Evie] Being a bad fucking mother.
-[Aaryan] Mia!-[Evie cries out]
-[Amelia] Is Assessment always like this?-[Holly] Oh, my God.
[Evie] Fucking barbarians!
[Aaryan] Hey...
[choral singing comes in]
[door opens]
[Mia] It's late. It's time for bed.
[music and singing fades]
Evie was mean to me.
Thank you, Mummy.
[music and singing resumes]
[Mia] Hm.
[Virginia chuckles softly]
Hm, no, uh...
I...
[soft chuckle]
Aren't you a silly?
[music and singing fades]
[wind howls]
I didn't realise I had to tell youevery detail about my life before we met.
-Assessment's not a detail.-[sighs in exasperation]
Mia, it didn't mean anything, okay?Serena said it herself, it meant nothing.
-It is not "nothing."-Okay, maybe it's not nothing.
-But it's not as big a deal as you--- Stop!
[distantly] Stop. Stop. Stop.Everything we went through:
the check-ups, the protocols,
the application,
just imaginingthe life that we would have, and...
you never thought to mention
that you did that with her, too.
Yeah, I'm sorry. I should've told you.
This can't just be another thingfor you to be good at, Aaryan.
You need to want this
with me.
-I guess I was scared.-Of what?
That you'd think I wasn't good enoughto raise a child with.
That if you knew Serena felt I wasn'tgood enough, you'd feel the same.
What are you talking about?
I love you.
I want to have a child with you.
I thought that was obvious.
I'm sorry.
Me, too.
This is really fucking hard.
[distantly] It's just two more dayswith her. Then she's gone.
[wind howls]
[unsettling, discordant voices vocalising]
[low rattling]
[low indistinct muttering]
[Virginia mutters indistinctly]
[vocalising fades]
[Aaryan] Virginia?
I think you're having a bad dream, okay?
I think you need to go back to bed.
[Virginia breathes shakily]
Yeah. [panting]
No, Virginia. Your own bed. Not here.
That's okay. It's okay.Just let her sleep here.
[electronic chime]
7.19 reinstate.
[monkey chatters]
7.06 comma maintain.
[soft whooshing]
[dripping sound and vocalising]
How do you think Aaryan's coping?
I'd say that we're both doing
very well.
-[Virginia chuckles]-[dripping and vocalising fades]
[Virginia keeps chuckling]
[Virginia hums softly]
[Sjøhus] Mia, incoming callfrom State Hospital West.
The doctor said that she had an embolismand lost her speech and sound.
[Aaryan] For good?
They don't know, they're running tests.They just said to get there ASAP.
Did you tell them you got Assessment?
What? No.
-Do you think you should?-Why?
I just don't knowif it's okay for you to go.
-She's my sister.-But, Mia, you hardly ever see her.
I'm the only family she has.
I'm just sayingwe should check with Virginia.
-[Virginia] Check what?-Jesus!
My sister's in intensive care. So I justneed to make sure that she's okay.
-[Virginia] You have to see her?-Yes.
-Well then you must.-Thank you.
Will it affect Assessment?
[Virginia]Assessment will be terminated, yes.
[sputters] There must be exemptionsfor an emergency.
Parents are exempt from emergencies?
-Aaryan is here.-I'll be fine.
You're assessed jointly,not as individuals.
-I have to see her.-This is a choice.
Parenthood is full of them.[chuckles softly]
You are assessingon whether we are fit to bring up a child.
This is expressly against regulations.
What kind of a personwould I be if I didn't go?
This is a demonstrationof my commitment to family.
You have until 6:00 a.m...
not a moment later.
[unsettling rhythmic percussion]
[sighs]
Sjøhus, two degrees cooler.
[Sjøhus] Temperature adjusted.
[groans]
[ominous swooshing sound]
[Aaryan breathes raggedly]
Were you having a nightmare?
Did you dream about the fire?
In mine, I was drowning.
I don't think this is a good idea.
[Virginia] Hold me.
Hold me. I'm scared.
Is this you now or...
What's your hand doing there?
Nothing.
Hey.
How does it feel?
Okay, no, stop.
-Squeeze it.-What?
Squeeze it. Harder.
[Aaryan groans]
-Harder.-Am I being assessed on this?
Okay. Oh, no, no, no. [he grunts]
I can't. I can't.
It appears that you can.
It's an involuntary reaction.
-[groans]-So's this.
[groans] No, stop.
[moans]
[rhythmic slapping sound]
Faster or slower?
No, no, no, no. Stop, stop, stop,I can't do this to Mia.
All elements of Assessment are subject
to the discretionof the individual Assessor.
[Aaryan moans]
What do you mean?
You're saying Mia wouldn't know?
Don't move.
[Aaryan] No, no, no, stop. I can't...
I'm giving you a rare opportunity.
-You're saying I have to do this?-I think I make myself very clear.
No.
[both moaning]
-You're a magician, Aaryan.-[moans]
One of the architects of our time.
A prodigy.
You've built things
no other man could.
And now you're a prisoner
of your own success,a captive of your talent.
[Aaryan moans]
No one can touch your achievements.
You're a genius.
[moaning intensifies]
[Virginia pants]
[Aaryan moans softly]
[pulls up pants]
[wind whistles]
[soft choral vocalising]
[electronic chime]
[intermittent metallic drum beats]
[drum beats speed up]
[strings swell, drum beats slow]
[strings fade]
[drum beats speed up]
[drum beats stop]
-How was your sister?-It was a false alarm.
There was a... mix-up,
someone with the same name.
It must've gone out to every departmentbefore they figured it out.
It was very frustrating,but, you know, a relief.
Caffeine. Triple shot.
[toys tap on table]
[liquid pours]
[intermittent drum beats]
[drum beats stop]
Well, I'm glad your sister's okay.
Thank you.
Me too, Mummy.
[imitates aeroplane engine]
[low thrumming]
[thrumming stops]
Can you keep an eye on Virginia?I'm gonna go for a swim.
-Can we talk?-No, I need to clear my head.
Then we can talk.
[ominous vocalising]
[door whooshes open and closed]
[sighs happily]
[sighs]
[vocalising fades]
[soft whooshing]
[gently echoing] Wanna go play outside?
[gently echoing] I justneed to finish this thought.
Then we can go and play outside.
Okay.
[steady metallic clanging]
[sighs deeply]
[wind whistles]
[metallic clanging stops]
Mummy!
[waves crashing]
[fast, steady beats]
Sjøhus, open Hawkeye slate.
[soft whooshing]
[Virginia hums]
Okay, uh...
2.9, reinstate profile 368.
[monkey chatters]
Sjøhus, disable protocols.
[locks click]
[female voice panting]
Rescale 419 to 412.
♪ Once upon a time ♪
♪ There was a pretty fly ♪
♪ Then one day she flew away ♪
♪ She flew away ♪
[Aaryan] Maintain all other variables
and reduce 4.19 to 4.12.
[rhythmic vocal music]
[glass shatters]
[rhythmic vocal music intensifies]
Maintain density.
[soft whooshing]
[gasps]
[rapid electronic beeping]
[steam hisses]
[Virginia laughs]
[rapid electronic beeping continues]
[rhythmic vocal musicfades into choral vocalising]
[Aaryan gasps]
[Virginia] ♪ Once upon a time ♪
♪ There was a pretty fly ♪
♪ She had a pretty life ♪
♪ This pretty fly ♪
♪ But one day she flew away ♪
♪ Flew away ♪
♪ And she had ♪
♪ This one pretty child ♪
♪ But one day ♪
♪ This... ♪
♪ This pretty child ♪
♪ Flew away ♪
♪ Into the sky ♪
♪ Into the sea ♪
[vocalising fades]
[explosion]
[flames roar]
[pants and whimpers]
[glass shatters]
Mummy!
[fire roars, glass shatters]
Daddy!
[whimpers]
[shrieks]
Mummy!
[coughs]
[soft vocalising]
Mummy.
[whimpers]
[Virginia] ♪ Then one day she flew away ♪
♪ Flew away ♪
[coughing]
[rapid drum beats]
Aaryan!
-[alarm blares]-[Sjøhus] Emergency in greenhouse.
Emergency in greenhouse.
[Mia bangs on windows] Virginia!
Virginia!
Shit.
[grunts]
Sjøhus, open!
Mia! Mia, get away!
Aaryan, Virginia's inside.
[pants]
Aaryan, please.
Please.
Aaryan!
Come on. Come on!
Come on!
-Aaryan!-I am trying!
I can't fucking move!
[grunts]
I can't move.
-[Mia grunts]-[Aaryan] No, Mia!
[Mia coughs]
[whispers] Come on. Okay.
[whispers] Come on!
-[glass shattering]-[Mia mumbles]
Okay. Okay. One, two!
[Mia grunts]
Yeah, yeah, it's okay.
-[Aaryan] Mia!-[Mia] Aaryan. Aaryan, I can't...
-[Aaryan] Hey.-[both coughing]
[both straining]
[explosion]
[Aaryan whimpers]
[vocalising fades]
Virginia, please eat.
Come on.
-Virginia!-Just let her go.
You could've died.
Yeah. What about her?
I tried. I couldn't because of the fire.
Yeah, I know.
Do you?
I'm gonna be right back.
Mia...
[exhales sharply]
[waves crash, wind howls]
You know all my workwas in that greenhouse.
My orchid,
my entire life.
Do you have any idea how long it takesto build something like that?
'Cause it doesn't just happen.
Are you listening? Do you care?
I...
Do you even knowwhat you're doing anymore?
[soft choral vocalising]
[receding footsteps]
[vocalising continues]
[vocalising fades]
[Virginia] Assessmentis a rigorous process
with a high threshold for success.
You've marked yourselves outas serious and impressive
candidates,
demonstrating high levels of competency.
So, it's therefore with...
regret that I must inform you
that your applicationhas not been successful.
You can't do that.
-We've done everything you asked.-My decision is final.
[Aaryan] No.
We did everything you asked.
I did everything.
Everything!
You can't fail me 'cause of that.
You told me I had to do itto pass Assessment!
I never said that.
You fucked her?
-I did it for us.-You fucked our child.
-She's not our child.-She is, that's the entire point.
She was not our child when she fucked me!
You said if Assessment was over,you'd let us know.
Why didn't you fail us at the time?
You can't do this. It's not right.
-Step aside.-Why did you not do that?
[Aaryan] You can't do this, okay.It's not right.
-[Virginia] Please.-No, it's not right. You can't. It's...
Do you know the things I've donefor this society? The people I know?
Listen to me. Listen to me!
[Mia laughs hysterically]
[Mia continues laughing]
[door whooshes open and closed]
[gulps]
[breathes shakily]
[dark humming sound]
[choral vocalising]
[rattling]
[shovelling]
[rhythmic vocal sounds]
[dark, steady beats come in]
[female voice vocalising]
[music and vocalising fades]
[grunts]
Fuck!
[sobs]
[grunting intensifies]
[she sobs]
[Aaryan] Hey.
Hey.
[Aaryan] There's somethingI want to show you.
[low humming]
[baby gurgles softly echoing]
[whispers] Hi.
Hi. Shh-shh-shh.
[whispers] Oh, my gosh.
-[whispers] Hi. Hi.-[baby gurgles]
[whispers] Hi.
-You okay?-[baby gurgles]
Yes.
-[baby coos]-I haven't named her yet.
[baby gurgles and coos]
[Mia] Hey. Hey.
[baby coos]
-[baby gurgles]-[Mia chuckles softly]
[whispers] Yes. Yes.
[sniffs]
What?
What's wrong?
[baby cries]
Mia! What is it?
Her smell.
Her smell, what...?What do you mean? I don't...
[shakily] She...
She doesn't smell of anything. She...
-She has no smell.-Okay. I'm gonna work on that, okay?
-I'm gonna get it right, I promise.-I don't want right. I just want human.
So do I, but we can't have that. We tried.
I called in every possible favour.They all said the same thing:
Assessor's decision is final.
-These are the rules we live by.-I... I can't do this anymore.
It's the price we pay to drinkclean water, to live, to breathe.
[shakily] Then why does it feel
like I'm suffocating?
[baby cries]
We'll go back
to how it was before.
I need to know why we failed.
Why?
What's the point?
'Cause I have to understand.
How is that going to help us?
Mia.
We love each other.
That's right.
[baby whining]
[baby cries]
[haunting vocalising]
[indistinct voice over PA]
[vocalising continues]
[low, rhythmic rumbling]
[vocalising fades]
[Virginia sighs]
[door closes]
[Virginia] You have five minutes.
It wasn't easy to find you.
Grace, right?
They think it helpsyou keep less involved
if you use a different name.
[water runs]
Look, if you're here to tell mewhat a monster I am--
Why did we fail?
-Because you...-[Grace sighs]
...you tricked Aaryan.
Aaryan made a choice.
You trusted him. Children lie, Mia.
No, we're not these kinds of people.
'Cause people like youcouldn't possibly be not good enough.
What does that mean, people like me?
Do you even know how seriousan offense it is you even being here?
I could have you arrested.
I could have you exiled.
I'm not going anywhereuntil you tell me why we failed.
I've told you why you failed.
-You're lying. I know you are.-[Grace scoffs]
'Cause I saved your fucking life.
And...
We...
connected.
It's... It's common
for candidates to feel a bondwith their Assessor, it doesn't mean...
Why are you being like this?What are you afraid of?
That you might actually feel something?
I've had to learn how to not feel.
What I'm...
What I'm trying to do here, Mia,is to help you: You need to leave.
I actually thought there was a personbehind the uniform,
that it couldn't all just be an act,but there isn't, is there?
-You're just a lonely bitter husk.-Yes. I'm a monster. Now go.
It's normal to fuck someone's partner,to nearly die?
That's just what you do?
'Cause I have to sayit sounds a little unprofessional.
Don't you think people ought to knowthat this is what Assessment is?
Everything that I did
is within the protocols.
But you failed for the same reasonthat everyone fails, Mia.
You just weren't good enough.
[Grace sighs]
What do you mean, everyone fails?
[Grace scoffs]
That's... That's a turn of phrase.I didn't mean...
How many peoplepassed Assessment this year?
-That's confidential information.-What about the last two years?
The last three? The last five? How many?
A hundred? Ten? One? What?Do you think we can't find out?
-That Aaryan and I don't know who to ask?-Six years.
That's the last time anyone passed.
[Mia breathes shakily]
[whispers] So...
So, we never had a chance.
Then what is the point of any of it?
Stopping it would be bad for morale.
You could've just failed us.You didn't have to humiliate us.
No, I had to prove
you weren't good enough.
What is wrong with you?
How can you even do this?
Most can't.
Assessors usually burn out
within a few months,they find it too intense.
But if you can do it,
there are rewards.
And what was yours?
A child.
[she laughs softly]
[quietly] They're gonna give me a child.
-Okay.-In the future.
If the numbers drop.
And you think that you would be aheadof people like Aaryan and me?
We've made things for this society.
And what have you done?Just victimised innocent people?
I've done everythingthat they asked of me!
And I've been spat on.
I've been demeaned, I've been debased.
I've sacrificed every single part of methat is left to...
to help this society to function,and you fucking dare to look down on me.
-There's no list. You must know that.-Of course there's a list.
-Why would there be?-Because there has to be!
Because this society
needs people
who know what it is
to love a child.
You have no idea
what it's like...
to hold...
to hold your child in your arms,
telling her that everything'sgonna be okay,
even though she's dying.
That's when you really know
what love is.
My daughter is not alive,but she's here, you know?
She's... she's present.
She's a part of mefor every single second.
And you can't...
You can't, you can't possibly know
what that's like.
Not the way that I do.
[breathes raggedly]
[soft vocalising]
[softly] I'm sorry about your daughter.
It's her birthday next week.
She drowned when she was eight.
[quietly] So stupid.
[sighs deeply]
Is it true what Holly said, that...
that people are surviving?
It's not much of a life.
But yes.
Would you go?
[Grace sighs]
I'm old, Mia.
Without the Senoxidine, I won't last long.
And the Old Worldis not a nice place to be.
And this is?
[vocalising intensifies]
[indistinct chatter in background]
[Grace] Your supporting material
places you in the top 0.1 percentileof citizens.
[vocalising fades]
Over the next seven days,you will undergo close observation
and formal testing
to ascertain suitability for parenting.
In the event of a pass,
your material will be passed onfor ex-utero gestation.
In the event of a fail,candidates will be notified immediately.
Assessor's decision is final.
Is that clear?
I'm sure everyone says this, but...
we'd make really great parents.
[woman] Let me show you the room.
[low roar of waves]
It's got everything you asked for.
Adequate.
I'll... I'll let you unpack.
Do you...
Do you ever keep in touch
with the children
as they grow?
No.
I don't.
I'll leave you to it.
[footsteps recede]
[waves crash]
[haunting vocal music]
Sorry, what time did you say you'd...
[soaring strings and voices]
[woman speaking distantly]
[baby crying]
[Aaryan] Shh.
[music and singing continues]
[background voices]
[man 1] Next, please.
[PA] Please, prepare your belongingsand Senoxidine.
[man 1] Name, please?
Mia Grey.
[man 2] Please move along.
[PA] Please prepareyour belongings and Senoxidine.
[man 1] Name, please.
[man 2] Next.
[man] Let's go.
Come on, hey, get up.
...eight, nine, ten.
Ready or not, here I come!
[soaring strings and singing]
[child giggles]
[synthetic voice]Chamber before Old World.
[soaring vocal music]
Approaching final chamberbefore Old World.
-[male guard] Let's go.-[female guard] No talking.
-[male guard] Ready?-[female guard] Stay in line.
[synthetic voice] Ten, nine, eight,
seven, six, five, four,
three, two, one.
[door whooshes open]
[music and singing decreases]
[muffled breathing]
[low rumbling]
[music swells]
[intense thrumming]
[Mia breathes heavily]
[soaring music continues]
[music decreases]
[soft piano notes]
[she breathes deeply]
[music fades]
[soft music plays]